---
layout: post
title: "How to publish on this website"
tags: [publish]
---


Dear participants, this website is our publishing platform. You are encouraged to publish your team's final work here. There is a number of ways it can be done. 



###Publish Markdown (.md) 

This website is hosted on GitHub and is version-controlled. It can automatically convert your Markdown text files (.md) into HTML format. So you can push your markdown files to `_posts` directory on our GitHub repo and your post will be published automatically. 

To be published correctly, all Markdown files in `_posts` need to follow two rules:

- Markdown files need to follow the following naming convention.
- Markdown files in `_posts` need to include a special header at the very top. 



####File name convention

Example:

    YYYY-MM-DD-post-title.md
    2015-01-05-team-one-constitution.md

 

####Special header 

All Markdown files need to include a special YAML header at the very top. Example:

    ---
    layout: post
    title: "Team 1: Constitution"
    tags: [team, 1, constitution]
    ---

This header tells us which layout to use and how to name this post. `layout:` refers to an HTML file in the `_layouts` folder. Standard layouts include `post` and `default`. 


###Customize layout

You are also encouraged to customize the design and layout of the web page where you publish your work. To do this you can create your own custom HTML and CSS files. Upload HTML file to  `/_layouts/` and CSS to `css` folders accordingly and then include your new layout in the YAML header. 

Custom layout in the header example (for `/_layouts/custom_team1.html`):

    ---
    layout: custom_team1
    title: "Team 1: Constitution"
    tags: [team, 1, constitution]
    ---

You are not allowed to modify existing HTML and CSS files, unless they have been created by your team. This website is static, so avoid adding dynamic features. **(NOTE!: Customizing layout requires basic knowledge of HTML/CSS. If you are not sure, please refer to Tech Support Department first)**

###Publish other formats

If you would like to post your work in a different format (e.g. pdf, ppt, video), you should push the original files (max 25 MB) to our GitHub repo in `uploads` directory, embed the file in a new Markdown text file by using Markdown's embedding tags or adding direct URL links. Then follow the instructions for publishing Markdown files. 


----------


This is a short introduction. For more information, please search **"how to make blogs using Jekyll'** or refer to our tech support department at the event.